# Expression noise
Two expression noise datasets are obtained from "Single-cell proteomic analysis of S. cerevisiae reveals the architecture of biological noise" (https://www.nature.com/articles/nature04785). The gene expression noise was the coefficient of variation of gene expression according to four independent microarray experiments. The expression noise of two datasets (two folders `Noise_SD` and `Noise_YEPD`) are measured in two different mediums. The list of top 20 candidate regulators predicted by iTARGEX is provided in `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Noise_SD/cor_sig_local.csv` and `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Noise_YEPD/cor_sig_local.csv`. These candidates may be involved in the regulation the expression noise and thus correlated with the expression noise measurement. Users may perform knockout experiments of these candidates and measure the expression noise again to check the expression noise level change.

# Genetic mutation rate
The genetic mutation rate of genes (Ka value between S. cerevisiae and K. lactis) are downloaded from "The Hsp90-Dependent Proteome Is Conserved and Enriched for Hub Proteins with High Levels of Protein-Protein Connectivity" (https://academic.oup.com/gbe/article/6/10/2851/614233). The list of top 20 candidate regulators predicted by iTARGEX is provided in `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Ka_Sc_vs_Kl/cor_sig_local.csv`. These candidates may be invovled in genome stability. 

# Protein-protein interactions (Physical interaction)
The dataset of physical protein-protein (PPI) interaction is obtained from "BioGRID: a general repository for interaction datasets" (https://academic.oup.com/nar/article/34/suppl_1/D535/1133554). The dataset contains the physical protein-protein interaction number of each gene. The list of top 20 candidate regulators predicted by iTARGEX is provided in `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Physical_interaction/cor_sig_local.csv`. These candidates may be involved in control the PPI domain stability thus maintain the physical PPI number. Users may use the knockout strain of these candidates to perform experimental evolution experiments and measure the PPI number changed after the experiment.

# Transcriptional responsiveness
The dataset of transcriptional responsiveness is obtained from "A genetic signature of interspecies variations in gene expression (https://www.nature.com/articles/ng1819). This dataset is the measurement of expression variation from over 1500 conditions. The list of top 20 candidate regulators predicted by iTARGEX is provided in `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Transcription_responsiveness/cor_sig_local.csv`. These candidates may control the expression variability under different conditions. Users can use the deletion strain of these candidates and measure gene expression variability under several conditions to verify the gene function.

# Recombination rate
The dataset of recombination rate data is obtained from "High-resolution mapping of meiotic crossovers and non-crossovers in yeast" (https://www.nature.com/articles/nature07135). The dataset represents the recombination rate of each gene during meiosis. The list of top 20 candidate regulators predicted by iTARGEX is provided in `examined_biological_trait/candidate_regulators/Recombination_rate/cor_sig_local.csv`. These candidates may influence the recombinase efficiency during crossover in meiosis. Users may design an *in vivo* experiment to measure and verify the recombinase activity change.
